BB come watch yo this is your boy angel
a right now you're watching version Red
Room I'm gonna give you an exclusive
today off the album chapter i'm gonna be
performing for you guys today is my new
single time off the tank damn i don't
need to make a cry that's wack can't
believe I when I broke her heart like
that no she don't want to take me back
father I wouldn't take me back no it
gives you a little insight to angels
personal life I'm not saying the story
is based on a true story i'm just saying
these are little elements of my life
that I kind of portrayed through this
record and it's just talking about you
know making mistakes and rectifying him
time after time I never read it last
time I shot was probably earlier run my
little brother he was an eye on me and
had to shout to get him back in shape
but here last time I got starstruck I
didn't feel like I could get stars
stripes because you know especially as
an artist you know passionate about what
I'm doing and I feel like enough I'm a
nice as well sort of vibe but you know
what that kind of cut when I was at the
Hackney weekend nah and I'm jay-z was
there he came out onto the stage and
that voice that I'd been hearing for
like the last 15 years growing up with
was there standing right before my eyes
and it was I definitely felt a presence
the last level person I spoke to
probably Wiley I done a new you know
single free miss cool lights on they
will be out next year so now written
produced for him we were just talking
about sending vocals over the airwaves
and stuffing getting it right the last
food I ate was brown stew chicken and
rice and peas from one of my favorite
shops an ox Ridge Road not too far from
my altar as could roll yet yeah the last
time I thought I shouldn't and that's a
good question ever the last time I
really thought to myself like genuinely
air for I shouldn't done something is
when I'm my friends tell me to him
I've got green tiara help me to you now
just first I'm milking are you serious I
pulled the market and I thought to
myself man this is my boat i'm really
only said I got